---
title: 2026-01-04
date: 2026-01-04
draft: false
meditation:
---
- Set up claude code to start working with my obsidian vault as a thinking partner
	- Spent a lot of time exploring my projects, interests, and having some shockingly introspective conversations about my relationship to those projects and their aesthetic containers. I think this experiment is going to be very interesting to continue. 
	- Going to consider some interesting ways to integrate claude with my vault for productivity and inspiration 
- Spent a lot of time working with claude to scaffold a vault-native second brain for claude to use, including a lot of useful plaintext-abstracted cognitive technologies and a bit of nixos-automation to allow for daily active interaction with the vault. 
- I'm actually kind of blown away by the posibilities this opens up. My only concern is weekly usage limits, balancing budget with goals. 
- I've still got to finish working on updating the Overlord core bundle for v2.1.1 sometime this week, though it's proving to be a very repetitive task that I'm admittedly having trouble focusing on.
	- I've also been thinking about making a compact mode for Overlord rendering more tightly formatted statblocks while keeping classic available
- Going to do some brainstorming for Saturday's trespasser session sometime tomorrow. The players will be upgrading their commoners to PCs and establishing a haven so we'll need to discuss that in the discord this week as well so we can jump in to the next expedition.
	- Think I might clean up some solo play tools to use as a low/no prep toolbox for the campaign to lighten the burden of prep. 
	- I know they'll be turning the Abbey ([[Dragonfall Abbey|from yesterday's session]] + [[Session Notes]]) into their haven. They had a good time but weren't super stoked about the lovecraft vibe, so I'll need to think of ways to pull them in a bit more thematically while maintaining continuity. 
	- Also musing on an eventual side project of converting OSR and 4e monsters for Trespasser. Not a priority, but could be worthwhile.